You did it, of course.
Nice crayfish is amazing
It was very popular.
You're not stupid enough to make your mark.
In my opinion
There must be some knowledge about this
He's a profiteer.
Already a partner with him
I know him best.
I see a lot of people for money
treacherous guy
Crayfish eat to death
You can't escape suspicion
Take me to the restaurant where the dead are eaten
Is this thing a red crane top?
Where did you find this?
Lord Yin is in the boss's room
This is not Crane Top Red
This is spicy sauce
How could I possibly steal drugs?
Zhao Dafu
If this is really spicy sauce
Why don't you try it yourself?
OK
Looks like you know there's something wrong with this spicy sauce
Bold Dr. Zhu
You are guilty